Add Codespaces capability to contribute to the site (#691)
github/docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Once Desktop is set up, you can use it to [fork the repo](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/cloning-and-forking-repositories-from-github-desktop)!

Fork using the command line:

- [Fork the repo](https://docs.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo#fork-an-example-repository) so that you can make your changes without affecting the original project until you're ready to merge them.

> Fork, edit and preview using [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces):

Reviewer: Can we link to the Codespaces docs here (similar to the command line instructions? 

Also, we can explain a little bit about why it's nice to use Codespaces... like this: 

```suggestion
[Fork, edit and preview](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/developing-online-with-codespaces/creating-a-codespace) using [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces) to make changes without having to install and run the project locally.
```

> - With one click of a button, simply fork, start to edit and preview the documentation, without having to install anything.

Reviewer: To make this consistent with the formatting on the previous examples: 

```suggestion
[Fork, edit, and preview](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/developing-online-with-codespaces/creating-a-codespace) using [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces) without having to install and run the project locally.
```

>   ![](./assets/images/codespaces.gif)

Reviewer: Thanks for creating this gif! However, since we don't include any gifs for the other instructions, it breaks the guide up a bit. Can we leave it out for now and re-assess adding visuals for contributing later?

Author: Sure. Let me remove it.

Author: Done.
